[TAKEO]
It's summer!
And by summer,
I mean summer break!
And summer break is the best.
You get to work out every
morning, eat lots of noodles,
and some shaved ice!
You get to go swimming,
eat some more noodles,
and then some ice cream!
Man, I love summer!
Anyway, my name is Takeo Goda,
and I'm in high school.
(Growling)
[SUNA]
That's impressive...
in its own way.
HMPH!
(Cell phone rings)
Huh?
Ah! Hey, Takeo?
Beach, huh?
Mm-hmm!
You remember the other day
we were talking about
how we wanted
to take a trip to the beach
with all our friends?
Tell him to invite Suna!
For the love of God!
Oh and uh, bring
Suna along, too.
Now this sounds good!
The beach! Let's do it!
♪Opening song
Are you kidding? A beach trip
with Goda's girlfriend and all
of her yummy friends?
Heck yeah! I am in!
Me, too!
You know it!
When do we leave?
[TAKEO]
Ah, the ocean.
So wide and vast.
Such a wonderful place.
[TAKEO]
Suna, guess what;
you're coming, too.
Huh?
I cannot wait to see all
the girls in their bikinis.
(Angry growl)
You're out.
Huh?
You've been uninvited!
What? How come?
Swimsuits are for swimming
and swimming alone!
Huh? Are you crazy?
We're talking about the beach!
It's all about the bodies!
Heck yeah!
Aren't you at least curious
to see what your girlfriend
looks like in a swimsuit?
Guh! My girlfriend will
be wearing her swimsuit
with the sole
intention of swimming!
And I am not going to
disgrace myself or her
by ogling her body!
Uhh...
Don't worry, Ms. Yamato.
You can wear whatever
swimsuit you want,
I'll make nothing of it.
[YUKO]
So which one are you thinking?
[MANA]
You can pick whatever.
You've got the boobs for it.
[KOJIMA]
Says the one with long legs and
a perfectly flat little tummy.
Oh, look! This one's cute!
I love it!
[RINKO]
Um. What do you guys
think about this?
[ALL]
Huh?
Uhh...
You serious?
Oh! Okay so, not
this one, huh?
Then how about...
this one?!
[ALL]
Uhh...
Or maybe... this one?!
Rinko, are you
feeling alright?
Yeah... It's just, you know
how hot and dreamy Takeo is.
[ALL] Uh?!
[NANAKO] Uh, yeah, sure.
And well, compared to him,
I look like a little bitty kid!
I just want to live up to
all his manliness, y'know!
[AYU]
I'm not sure I'd call
him "hot and dreamy."
[YUKO]
He doesn't look like
a high school student.
He looks like a grown man.
[MANA]
He's covered in hair
and giant muscles.
[KOJIMA]
He looks like an
Olympic weightlifter
or a professional wrestler.
[NANAKO]
I AM curious as to
what kind of swimsuit
he's going to wear.
Probably wear his suit
from school!
I could totally see that!
(All laugh)
What if he shows up in tiny
little speedos?!
Oh my God!
And wear goggles and swim laps!
So hot and dreamy!
(Concerned groans)
[RINKO]
Here's the deal!
Takeo is ALWAYS making my
heart race out of control.
So I want to wear
something that's going to
make his heart race, too!
[ALL]
Oh...
Oh yeah!
I hear you, girl!
You want him to lose his mind
the second he sees you!
You wanna be so cute
he freaks out!
'Kay, ladies!
Let's help Rinko pick out
the perfect jaw-dropper!
(Girls cheering)
Oh, I like this one!
Ehh...
What about this?
The frilly skirt'll
totally blow up.
Check this one out!
(All complimenting)
(Rinko giggles)
(Rhythmic whistles blowing)
(Grunting)
(Door opens)
Suna. Coming in.
Dude, you are already in...
[SUNA]
You running away from home?
I just want to be
ready for tomorrow.
And I wanted to cover YOU
in case you forgot anything.
And I've got enough tents and
canteens for everybody else.
Uh. We're just going
to the beach.
There's always a chance that we
could get stranded out there.
It's not gonna hurt us
to be prepared, y'know.
Whatever. You're crazy.
(Cell phone rings)
Huh?
Oh. It's Ms. Yamato.
Hello there.
[RINKO]
Hey, Takeo.
Um, there's news of
a typhoon approaching.
You sure we're gonna
be all right tomorrow?
A typhoon?
The sun always seems
to shine wherever you go.
Suna says the sun follows me
wherever I go. We'll be okay.
(Rinko laughs)
Is that so?
I'm at Suna's place right now.
We're getting our things
ready for tomorrow.
I'm getting ready
right now, myself.
I'm really looking
forward to this.
Hmm! I can't wait!
Okay, see you
tomorrow then!
Alright I'll see you later!
(Happy humming)
[SUNA]
Uh, hey.
Huh?
What is that?
Watermelons. We're playing
split-the-watermelon, right?
Well yeah, I'm sure we are.
But do we need that many of 'em?
And you might want to wait
until you're actually at
the beach to blow those up.
Easier to pack that way.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Takeo? Are you
sure you're okay?
Of course.
What do you mean?
Well, um... it's just...
You mean the weather?
[SUNA]
Oh, forget it.
Hmm!
Man, I love the beach.
When I was a kid, I saw
the sunset at the beach,
and the sun melted
into the sea.
Hm!
(Light sprinkling)
There we go!
[TAKEO]
It's something I've always
wanted to experience again.
This time with Ms. Yamato.
(SHEEN)
[RINKO]
Takeo! I can't believe
how sunny it is!
Uh-huh!
Hey, ladies, it's been a while!
Good to see you, girls!
[NANAKO]
You boys doing well?
[KAKITANI]
So uh, how are we getting there?
[AYU]
A train and a bus!
So how'd you do
on your finals?
Seriously dude?
Finals?
(All laugh)
Something wrong?
Is it too hot in here?
Huh? Nuh-uh...
Uhh...
He's sitting so close!
She's looking so cute!
Ooh! There's the ocean!
(All exclaiming)
♪♪
(Boys cheering)
[KAKITANI]
This looks like a good spot
for an umbrella.
You sure you're
doing that right?
Just stick it
in there.
Holy crap!
You just blew that
thing up in one breath!
Where are
the girls?
They're getting changed.
Aw yeah!
Swimsuits!
Woo-hoo!
(Angry growl)
Uh!
(Nervous laughter)
[TAKEO]
Ah, the beach.
Where you eat watermelons,
go swimming, and catch crabs.
[NANAKO]
Here we are girls!
Are you ready for the waves?
Hm?
HMM!
(Girls laugh and giggle)
(Slow waves crashing)
Ahh...
(Straining)
Mmm...
(Nervous sigh)
Mmmm...!
Dude, you're
totally staring.
[BOYS]
So what do you guys
wanna do first!
[NANAKO] You've have got
like no game whatsoever.
(Nervous laughter)
[SUNA]
Why don't you go ahead
and get changed too?
Huh?! Oh yeah, sure thing.
Ah!
AH!
(Kazoo fanfare)
UH! Huh!
(Heart pounding)
(Nervous grunts)
Huuhhh...
(Both faint)
Hm...
[RINKO AND TAKEO]
Ugh!
[TAKEO]
The beach.
Where you can catch crabs,
Hunt for clams.
You can split watermelons open
and swim the day away...
You can get weird tan lines,
turn red,
and peel your skin off like
a little painful puzzle.
And then spend the next
two weeks covered in aloe..
HUURRGH!
What's the deal?
Where is everybody?
What is that?
A sea monster...
[TAKEO]
I mean. Don't these
people like to swim?
Rinko, isn't Goda
pretty far out there?
I mean, that whale-looking
thing leaving behind a
giant wake is him, right?
Hm?
Oh, Takeo!
You are so big and
strong and handsome!
So hot and dreamy!
[NANAKO]
This is no time
to start drooling!
You're supposed to be
making HIS heart race, remember?
Now get outta that hoodie!
Oh, yeah...
[KURIHARA]
Okay, Goda.
Spin around ten times.
Ah! That's too fast!
You're going to puke!
HM!
I'll be fine as long as
I don't look at Ms. Yamato.
Hm? Huh?!
Goda, turn around.
You're going the wrong way!
You are very cold right now!
Turn around!
[ALL]
YEAH!
Turn left!
[AYU]
That's it. Keep going!
[MOMOTA] Left! More left!
[KOJIMA] That's it!
Good, good! Now just keep
going straight from there!
(Intense growl)
[KAKITANI]
Four more steps!
Takeo...
HM!
Ah!
Rinko!
Wait! Stop! Rinko's
right in front of you!
Ah?!
Huh?!
(Twinkle)
OoooaaaAAHHH!
[NANAKO]
Jeez, Rinko, what
were you doing?
You're spacing out!
You almost got clobbered!
[SUNA]
Calm down. They're
just clothes.
[TAKEO]
Clothes?
That's right.
They're clothes meant
to be worn in the water.
Nothing more.
But there's not very
much of the clothes...
That's normal. They have less
material BECAUSE they're meant
to be worn in the water.
Water clothes...
They're just clothes...
Clothes for swimming...
You got it?
Are you calmed down now?
Yes.
All right, off you go.
Okay... Just clothes!
I sorta freaked out
there for a second.
Sorry about the scare, you guys!
I'm all better now. Carry on!
Cool!
(Giggle)
[TAKEO]
Okay! Everyone,
let's hit the ball around!
Don't let it touch the ground!
I got it! I got it!
One! UH!
Haha! Two!
Ooh! Three!
Oops, sorry!
HM!
(Grunting)
AAGGHH!
UURGGGH!
[ALL]
Whooaa...
(Rinko squeals)
RAARGH!
[ALL]
349!
Ya like that?!
[CROWD]
355!
356!
[KOJIMA]
Oh my gosh, look at him.
He's getting every
single ball hit out there...
357!
So handsome. So hot!
358!
Whoa! He's attracted
quite a crowd!
359!
(Heavy breathing)
Ah!
360!
HURGH!
361!
AAHHH!
362!
363!
364!
365!
I'm dying here... Stop...
366!
Ah! Ahh!
367!
[TAKEO]
Upsy-daisy!
(Excited laugh)
Oh man! You gotta
do me next!
Aw, yeah!
Me, too, dude!
Yeah!
URRGGH!
Woo-hoo!
You wanna give it a go?
Huh? I dunno...
C'mon, Rinko, do it!
Huh?
Uh, okay. But...
But there's only
one way to do this.
He's gonna have to
put his hands on me.
(Nervous squealing)
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Something's bothering her.
You want this?
Huh?
Oh...
Thank you so much...
Nailed it.
[TAKEO]
I'll just pull you along.
[RINKO]
Huh?!
(Slurping)
(Both laughing)
We're going so fast!
(Laughs)
Ooh?
That's cool.
Hey, Takeo, hold on.
Hm?
Here we go!
(Happy screams and laughs)
All right! Hold on tight!
[MOM 1]
Yummy, yummy.
Huh?
Don't look now, but there's
some big, beautiful hunk
playing with our kids.
[MOM 2]
Are you kidding me? Just look
at the body on that guy.
[MOM 1]
Right? I wish my husband
had all that going on.
[MOM 2]
Check out those abs,
they're like an ice tray!
[MOM 1]
Well I'll drink off
that any day!
[RINKO]
People really do like
Takeo here, don't they?
Ms. Yamato! You 'bout ready
to get out of the water?
Uh, sure...
They don't want
him to leave!
OM!
(SLURP)
Rinko. You have a little
corn in your teeth.
AH!
(Girls giggle)
Hm?
AH!
(Squealing)
Just look at her.
She is absolutely the cutest
thing on the planet.
You gotta calm down.
Here, drink this.
(Sigh)
[RINKO]
I want to make his heart race...
but every time I try,
he does it to me instead.
Goodness, girl,
you really are in love
with this guy, aren't you?
Why don't you just go for it?
Throw yourself on top of him!
She'll have a heart attack
just thinking about it.
Mmm...
Fine. I'll try it.
I am going to do it.
(Girls gasp)
(Mechanical clunking)
You got this!
You sure do
eat a lot.
(Heart throbbing)
Ahh...
Ahhh...
Oh, hey.
AH!
Hm?
Uhh...
Is there, uh,
something wrong?
(Sigh)
Hey, Takeo...
Um, uh...
UH! You wanna go for a walk
with me over by the rocks?
Oooh!
"The rocks"?
Oh! Yeah sure!
I know what you're thinking.
The perfect place...
for catching crabs!
Leave it to me,
Ms. Yamato.
Nobody catches
crabs like me.
Ahhh!
(Heart throbbing)
Just do it!
Takeo...!
Whoa... look out.
Ah, huh?
That was pretty
close.
Ohh...
Huh?
Ah!
Hm?
Ah! Oh gosh!
What's my problem?
I don't know
what I'm doing.
I am so, so sorry!
I... I'm sorry!
Ms. Yamato...?
Ah!
Ahh...
Oh, crap...
[TAKEO]
There you go. Like this.
Hm?
[SUNA]
What's this all about?
(Girls growling)
Huh?
Huh? Suna!
(Swooning)
I'll take care of this.
You go find her.
Thanks, I really
appreciate it.
Yeah, yeah...
(Grunting)
(Footsteps)
Ms. Yamato.
Ah!
Hey, Takeo...
Is there like,
something bothering you?
Um...
Mm...
I don't know what's
wrong with me.
It's like I'm
walking around in a daze.
I've got my head in the clouds,
stumbling my way around.
It's like I'm all in my head.
(Sigh)
I'm only thinking of myself.
I feel clumsy... and selfish.
I can feel the exact
same way sometimes.
Can I sit with you?
Huh?
Mm-hmm.
(Waves crashing)
[TAKEO]
Now THAT is stunning.
Yeah. It really is.
Hm. Well, here we are.
I almost forgot that this
is what I wanted to do
with Ms. Yamato all along.
Sometimes things just work out.
I couldn't be happier
than I am right now.
It's overwhelming...
[RINKO]
Ya know, the ocean is
just so wide and open
and full of
endless possibilities.
And it...
It makes me want
to explore them all.
And do it with you.
(Laugh)
Ms. Yamato.
You're everything to me.
[RINKO]
Ah!
HM!
Not on my watch.
Ohh? Ha, nice save!
[TAKEO]
Is it the sunset?
I'm feeling so hot right now...
And my heart
is really pounding.
Oh?
Ms. Yamato... I love you.
(Gasp)
Oh, Takeo, I love you, too.
Ms. Yamato...
I...
I, uh...
(Heart throbbing)
(CRASH)
Oh, there you two are!
What the heck are you doing?
C'mon, it's time to
spark up some fireworks.
Time to blow stuff up! Woo!
[KURIHARA]
Let's go, lovebirds!
(Sizzling)
[NANAKO]
It's okay...
So you didn't make his heart
skip a beat, maybe next time.
Mm-hmm.
Well you two still
had fun, right?
We did. We had a
truly wonderful time.
We're totally gonna
have to do this again.
We should all get together
and go to a fireworks show.
And we can all dress up.
And wear yukatas!
[RINKO]
Yukata?!
[ALL]
Hm?
That'll be great!
I can totally drive him
crazy in something like that!
[GIRLS]
Huh?!
[TAKEO]
Suna.
Hm?
I had quite an experience today.
When we were watching the sunset
something happened to me.
Oh yeah? Well
that's great, man.
Hm! Yes, it was.
(Boys snoring)
(Shutter sound)
Um, Takeo?
You think we could go
to a fireworks show soon?
With the gang?
Huh? Well, yeah!
That would be awesome.
[RINKO]
And this time, I'm going
to make his heart skip
a beat for sure!
[TAKEO]
Perfect. I can't wait to
feel what I felt on the beach
all over again.
You like fireworks,
don't you, Takeo?
Yeah, they're a blast.
(Both giggling)
[SUNA]
Sometimes I'm not sure
if these two
are having the
same conversation.
Oh, well...
Maybe they don't have to.
Maybe... Sometimes
things just work out
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Scores.